# IMPORTANT: THIS SOFTWARE IS FULL OF BUGS AND I'M NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE ON YOUR FILE / SYSTEM.

# fpPS4 Temmie's Launcher 2.0.0 source code
A simple launcher for <a href="https://github.com/red-prig/fpPS4/">fpPS4 project</a> - created just for fun.
The source that you will find here is where I stopped working on rewrite.

Since I moved to TS and due other personal reasons, I needed to stop working on this project. It's kinda functional, but it have ways to go before reaching a good product.

### Controls
w,a,s,d = Move keys

(Keypad) 5 = X

(Keypad) 6 = O

(Keypad) 4 = Square

(Keypad) 8 = Triangle

(Keypad) 2 = PS Button

### How to install
Probably there will be a build file generated by GitHub. Go to GitHub Actions, select latest build and then click on "Launcher" file.

Extract, run _and be happy :D_

**INFO**: The first time you run, **you will see a WIP fpPS4 updater window that you can't do that much to change**.

Close launcher, place all fpPS4 files inside `fpPS4` folder and open launcher again.

In case of something (that probably will) go wrong, GitHub Actions builds were set to include DevTools - if something blows up, at least now you have tools to try workaout it™.

### Change settings
As you may guess, there was a lot of stuff to do - so everthing you see [WIP] is not working properly.
There are some other settings that you can change (like color scheme and input mapping) that can be modified on `./Settings/Settings.json`.

### Custom fonts
To make launcher display the right font, you must a special .ttf font called `SST Light`.
Put it on `./Assets` and rename it to `font.ttf`.

### How to build
IMPORTANT: this process requires node.js being installed to proceed.

run `npm install`
when it's done, run `Compile.bat`.

Your files should be on `./build/fpPS4 Temmie's Launcher (2.0.0)/win64`

Pro tip: refuse imitations, you know what I mean™ <!-- giggles -->
